Since 1970. the Federal
Witness Protection Program
has relocated
thousands of witnesses.
some criminal. some not.
to neighborhoods
all across the country.
Every one of those individuals
shares a unique attribute
distinguishing them from the
rest of the general population.
And that is.
somebody wants them dead.
Me and you
and you and me
No matter how we
tossed the dice
It had to be
What?
Nothing.
Keep your
eyes on the road. you.
You two are
making me car sick.
Oh. yeah? I can't wait
until you have kids
and they think you're
a ridiculous old fool.
Sorry to ruin your fun
but I'm not having kids.
What? The world's
already overpopulated.
You bite your tongue.
You're giving me
grandbabies. Or else.
Or else what?
Or else I'll have to have
some more babies of my own.
Why are we stopping?
Well. Petey's sick.
And I promised Dominick
I'd drop off
some stuff for him.
All right.
Try and hurry. because if not.
we don't get a good spot. Frank.
Don't worry. I'll just
be a minute. Not even.
Tell Petey I hope
he feels better.
Will do.
And you.
Don't screw with me.
You're going to give me
grandchildren. you hear me?
Yes. Mom.
That's right.
Oh. God.
How does that fat bastard get up
and down those stairs every day?
Who is it?
It's Captain Kangaroo.
Frankie. is that you?
Yeah. yeah. It's Frankie. Come on.
Come on. I'm in a hurry. Petey.
Yo. Frankie!
Hey. Petey. I got a delivery for
you from Dominick.
Oh. yeah?
Yeah.
Petey?
Where are you?
Are you dead?
Oh. no.
Oh. my...
I have no idea
how that happened.
Stand clear! Police.
All right. move it back.
All aboard the southwest
train service to Los Angeles.
With stops
in Dallas. Flagstaff...
Now boarding.
It is so
beyond retarded.
First of all.
we don't say retarded anymore.
Don't even think
about parking there.
U.S. Marshals.
The car better be
here when we get back.
And second. it's not
retarded. It's marketing.
Then. it's retarded marketing.
Look. Imagery
and metaphor...
Oh. thank God.
Hey. What's up?
It seems your sister would prefer
someone else pick her up.
What? Put her on.
Mary would like a word.
Hey.
Don't "hey" me. What the hell
do you think you're doing?
Nothing. But there's no way in
hell I'm taking a ride from some
Rico Suave wannabe
I've never even seen before.
BRANDl.: Why can't
you pick me up?
Because I'm working. All the way
on the other side of town.
But I'm your sister.
Hey. You know what? You can either
accept my friend's generous offer
or start walking.
Fine. I'll take the ride.
You do that.
Here.
Problems?
Brandi got in
this morning.
For my surprise
party. no doubt.
My condolences.
Now. as I was saying.
Imagery and metaphor have been
used to sell products forever.
Please. Jesus.
Take me. now.
Take the Ford Mustang
for instance.
Named for a powerful.
agile animal.
Qualities we also seek in an
automobile. It's called transference.
Yeah. Okay.
What about my Probe?
Exactly what image is
that supposed to transfer?
Because all I'm getting is paper
dress.metal stirrups and legs akimbo.
Exactly what was the thought
process behind that marketing coup?
Say. Bob. What's a metaphor for an
invasive. somewhat humiliating procedure?
Because we really need something
to compete with the Chevy Speculum.
God. why am I
eating this crap?
You going to be
like this all day?
What?
Like...
You know.
I guess it depends how long
it's going to be my birthday.
All day.
There you go.
Here we go.
It's a common
misconception that membership
in the fraternity
of good fellas
is a prerequisite for
admission into
the Federal Witness
Protection Program.
God. If only that were true.
Many witnesses
are everyday folk.
who. through no criminal
enterprise of their own.
have come to possess damning info
about some very dangerous people.
These unlucky losers are trouble magnets.
and should be avoided whenever possible.
Thanks.
Uh-huh.
Which. in my line of work
is almost never.
A ticket?
Are you kidding me?
The car's still there.
ain't it?
Ass-wipe.
It's all right. We'll take
care of you. You're safe.
So. this is how we're
transporting witnesses now?
It's a metaphor.
Oh. yeah? For what? Crap?
Let's go. Go on.
You're welcome.
So. welcome to Albuquerque.
Is this your first time?
Da. Uh. yes.
How long you
been in the States?
Three years. In New York.
Well. this is a far cry from
Manhattan. And a universe from Moscow.
I am from Kiev.
You speak Russian.
A little. I learned it in the eighties
when you guys were still Commies.
In Ukraine.
we speak Ukrainian.
Um...
Shut up.
Hi. Stan.
Hi. Mary. It's Stan.
I know it's you. Stan.
That's why I said. "Hi. Stan. "
Oh. Right. So did
you pick up the witness?
Yeah. we're on the way
to the apartment now.
Listen. I just got a call
from Albuquerque PD and. uh...
Oh. boy.
"And. uh. oh. boy"
what. Stan?
I know that tone.
Something happened.
Yeah. Frankie Santoro's kid might
have been shot last night.
What? Where? Is he dead?
I said "might."
all right? Might.
They found a body on one of those
development sites out the Pan Am Freeway.
I'm on my way.
That's one choice. But bringing a witness
to the murder site of another witness
violates at least
six codes of conduct.
I know what you're doing. You're
holding the phone out the window.
Stan. I can't hear you!
You're breaking up!
She's holding the phone out the
window. Mary. you listen to me.
Stan?
I absolutely...
Change of plans.
Frankie Santoro's kid may
have been hit last night.
I've got to see for myself.
What about...
She's coming with.
Fun.
Hi. Stan.
Marshall...
What? I'm sorry. Stan.
You're breaking up.
Frankie Santoro.
aka Frankie Nuts.
a nickname not bestowed
for his love of filberts.
earned his ticket into witness
protection by agreeing to testify
against his former boss.
Dominick Mastro.
last of the big-time Dons.
Frankie had the misfortune
of whacking Petey Lorusso
while he was under
FBI surveillance.
which coincidentally was
also Petey's misfortune.
Wow. Just like
the motion pictures.
Can I get you something?
A bromo?
Tasha. just stay in the car.
This will just take a few minutes.
Okay.
Please don't let this
be Frankie's kid.
Should I call Jinx now and
tell her to cancel your party?
If you were any kind of friend. you
would have done that a long time ago.
You the lead on this?
Yeah. unfortunately.
Detective Dershowitz.
Dershowitz? Really?
Yeah. long story.
I'll bet.
Everyone calls me Bobby.
Or Bobby D.
Mary Shannon.
U.S. Marshals.
So. why did you call
the Marshals. Detective?
Well. we got two dead kids. We have
a girl named Sienna Burke. over there.
And a boy with
this in his wallet.
And this.
It was tucked
behind the other one.
Kid with two identities. It occurred
to me he might be in Witness Protection.
You got all that
from a fake ID?
Yeah. I'm intuitive
that way.
All right. thanks.
Uh... that's evidence.
Uh-huh. So. any thoughts
about what happened?
And you're asking me.
what. out of professional curiosity?
Sure. let's go with that.
Well. the girl's
father is Cale Burke.
He's the developer
of this land.
a project that's been contested in
and out of court for about a decade.
By whom?
You name it. Local Indians.
business groups. zero growth nuts.
And you think somebody unhappy about
the project might have done this?
Aw. Hell if I know. But
it's a place to start. right?
Unless. of course. you think I
should be looking someplace else.
Nope. Sounds to me like you're
heading in the right direction.
Yeah. that's what I thought.
Thanks for the call.
Mmm-hmm.
Hey.
What's with the
silent sentinels?
Huh?
The guys on the bikes.
Oh. they've been
watching all morning.
They make
all these tracks?
Yeah. probably.
And you're not
questioning them because...
Well. because chasing
Indians on dirt bikes
through the desert seems
like a poor use of my talent.
Makes sense.
Hey. How about it?
He one of yours?
Afraid I don't know
what you're talking about.
But thanks again
for the call.
That's right. You're the
branch of law enforcement
that puts criminals
back on the street. right?
It's Santoro's kid.
For sure?
If this is who's
lying under that sheet.
Oh. God.
What a waste.
Hey. Don't touch that.
Can't you shut his eyes?
Only if you got a
needle and thread.
Any thoughts on why he gets it in the back
of the head. and she gets hers in the face?
She was running. Took two in
the spine. taking out her legs.
Then. they turned her over.
And finished her
off in the face?
Not quite.
Good God.
Somebody was pissed off.
This goes way
beyond pissed off.
She was alive
for most of this.
So. you think this was a message
to Frankie Senior?
I don't know. That kind of violence.
you've got to believe she was the target.
Plus. if they find Junior. they found
Senior. So. why not just take Frankie out?
Why not just
take Frankie out?
Unless they don't
want him dead.
Maybe they just want him
to queer his testimony.
That could hurt a case
worse than him not showing up.
Please stop that.
Then again. anyone
who knows Frankie
knows killing his kid is
not the way to motivate him.
So. you think he's not
going to be happy about this?
Have you noticed I'm
not in a joking mood?
Sorry.
I've got to go find Frankie.
Tasha. I told you
to wait in the car.
It was so hot in there.
Okay. It's okay. Come on.
Let's get you home.
Aw. That makes me sad.
Why are we stopping here?
Just stay in the car.
and don't touch anything.
No. Hey! Wait! No.
Hey. amigo. Qué pasa?
Yo. G.
Todo bien?
What's up?
Just keep an eye
on the ride for me.
Make sure nothing bad
happens to the car or to her.
Mostly. to the car.
All right.
Hey. mami!
What's cracking?
You want to "F" off?
Here you go. Padre. Twenty
tickets for Wednesday night.
Bleachers.
So. did you take
her to my house?
Not exactly.
Raph. what did you do?
I left her sitting in my car
in front of the youth center
with a couple of junior
cholos scoping her out.
She's totally freaking out.
You did that?
Yeah. Pretty funny. huh?
Oh. yeah. But not
the way you think.
What's that mean?
It means my sister has a
penchant for boosting cars.
A penchant?
More like a compulsion.
Son of a bitch.
I thought I told you
to watch the car.
We did. ese.
Yeah. G. There it go.
Mary. You better
come pick me up.
Ah. I'm sorry. I can't hear you.
You're breaking up.
Brandi.
Oh. Lord.
Just a second.
Okay.
Phone works.
No. No. no. no.
I wish to go home.
This is your home. now.
No! No! No!
Please. It's not possible!
Tasha. Tasha. Tasha!
Listen to me.
You can't go back.
You can never go back.
You know what
they'll do to you.
I am just bookkeeper!
I know.
I know. I know.
Let it out.
Okay. Okay.
It's okay. Let it out.
How this can happen?
My life. My... family.
Everything gone.
They don't even let
me bring pictures.
I know. It isn't fair.
But listen to me.
You did a great. courageous
thing. testifying. Okay?
And now. it's time
to focus on the future.
Think of it as a chance
to build a whole new life.
Even better than
the one you had before.
But you cannot.
under any circumstances. no matter
how homesick or lonely you get.
go back home.
Or contact anyone
from your past.
Do you understand?
No one in your new life can ever
know your old identity. Okay?
Boyfriends.
coworkers. no one.
And if you...
If you think for a minute that someone
recognizes you. you have to call me immediately.
Is all this clear?
That girl... on ground.
She was witness?
No.
No. No.
She had nothing to do
with witness protection.
Sweetie. trust me.
You're going to be okay.
In the history of the
Witness Protection Program.
no one who's followed the
rules has ever been harmed.
As long as you do as I say.
nothing bad will happen to you.
You can do this.
Okay? I know you can.
Come on. Come on. Stand up.
How about you rest for a
little while. watch some T.V.
Cable's not hooked up. yet.
Yeah. all right. I'll. um...
I'll get the cable turned on.
And a little later. I'll
come by with some groceries.
Is there anything
special you need?
It's okay.
Take your time.
Uh...
They promise me new breasts.
When I can get them?
No. Between one and five
isn't good enough. Federico.
Our friend needs
her cable on now.
So. get it done or we're
switching to satellite.
You think that's funny?
How about we switch to satellite.
then I punch you in the face?
She's home now. I'll tell
her you're on your way.
So. anyway. If you could
start processing info.
Little Frankie.
the girl. her father.
Friends and family of everyone
Frankie's testifying against.
Whatever else
you can think of.
Please.
You know. I'm not
your assistant.
I have a couple dozen witnesses
of my own to deal with.
Oh. yeah? Any of their kids
get murdered last night?
I'll have to check.
Oh. fine.
Thank you.
Pissy little girl.
I heard that!
I don't give a rat's ass
about your protocol.
I've got two parents on their
way down here to see their son.
And trust me on this one. This is
not where you want them to find him.
Then you better keep them out of
here. because a van full of illegals
plowed into a bridge
abutment this morning.
And I'm under-staffed. I won't
know which one of these is yours
until I start
processing them.
Yeah? Well. how long
is that going to take?
As long as it takes.
Look. Well. work quickly.
Frankie.
Where is he? Come on.
Come on back inside.
Is one of these Frankie?
Please. just come
back inside.
Is my boy in
one of these bags?
Frankie.
Hey. Excuse me. Sir. you cannot... Hey!
Hey! Frankie! Frankie!
Oh. my God.
Where's my boy?
Frankie. stop it.
Frankie. Frankie.
Frankie stop it!
Stop it!
Get off me! Do not
put your hands on me!
Felicia. Felicia.
Oh. my God.
Felicia.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Frankie. wait.
Frankie?
Frankie? Frankie!
Frankie. wait!
What? What do you want?
Don't "what" me. I know you.
I know what you're thinking.
Oh. congratulations. You're
the Amazing freaking Kreskin.
I have no idea who that
is. But listen to me.
If you go off gunning
for whoever did this.
you're going to blow
your whole plea agreement.
Did you just see
my boy in there?
I know. Frankie.
I know. I'm so sorry.
But Felicia needs
you now. Okay?
Please. Please.
go take care of her.
I swear to you.
You'll get your justice.
You got 24 hours.
After that. I take matters into my
own hands and to hell with this plea.
Frankie.
As far as justice.
you got your version.
I got mine.
What are you doing here?
I work here. Stan.
Why aren't you helping
Mary move Frankie Nuts?
She wanted me here
doing this.
And you thought it was okay to let her
handle that sick bastard by herself?
Her witness. Her call.
It how we do. G.
If anything
happens to her...
Relax.
Mary knows
what she's doing.
So. did you get her
a birthday present?
I'm working her case.
You don't think that's enough?
Even you're not that dumb.
I'm smart enough to know
you can't shop for Mary.
What about you?
Oh. Well. I just
got her a. uh...
Bottle of really
expensive perfume.
Mary doesn't wear perfume.
Yes. she does.
Uh-uh.
You sure? I mean.
she always smells so good.
That's just her.
Huh.
I can't believe you're
putting us in this place.
I'm sorry.
I wish it were nicer.
but discretionary spending
isn't what it used to be.
Why can't we go home?
I need to go home
to plan Frankie's funeral.
I promise I'll get you home
as soon as I can. Okay?
Whoever did this to little
Frankie is still out there.
Until we know otherwise. I have
to assume he's coming for you next.
Let him come.
This is on you. Frank.
I've got to
ask you. Frankie.
Do you know
anything about this?
No.
Of course. you would
never lie to me.
All right. then.
Stay in the room with your
wife and let me do my job.
Well. you've got
about 23 hours.
And then. I assure you.
I will do my job.
The care and feeding of career
criminals like Frankie Nuts
is a dicey proposition at
best. more art than science.
requiring a closet
full of hats.
On any given day. I get to play
mother. father. best friend.
priest. rabbi. marriage counselor.
employment agent. bodyguard.
And. yes. unfortunately.
occasionally homicide detective.
Which is why I find myself
driving my misogynist metaphor
across the desert in the 110 degree
heat with a busted air conditioner
to hunt down the murderer of
the son of my murderer witness.
No back-up. No plan to
speak of. No alternative.
Also. Frankie Junior got killed on
my watch. That just pisses me off.
Nice chaps.
Aw.
Oh. come on. fellows. What do you say
we turn those frowns upside down. huh?
Write down your
customers' names.
I've never seen
these people before.
Listen.
Here's the deal. Two kids were
killed about a mile from here.
And at least a few of these
guys were at the murder site.
So. please.
Save us both a lot of trouble
and just write the damn names
before Great White Father back in Washington
goes all Little Bighorn on your ass.
You're kidding me. right?
Was that over
the top? Too much?
I kind of suck at that
whole bad cop thing.
Look. First of all.
it was you guys that got your
asses kicked at Little Bighorn.
Really?
And second of all. today's
my first day of work here.
And I have really never
seen these people before.
Sorry. I thought you
were being difficult.
Excuse me.
Good lord.
What is it with
men's restrooms?
Do you all like the smell of
stale urine? Is that what it is?
Okay. Enough chit-chat. What's your
name and did you kill those two kids?
I'm sorry. Are you
talking to me?
Aw.
What's so funny?
It's so cute.
Well. it's like one of those mini
taquitos they serve at happy hour.
Oh. yeah?
You want some?
Ew.
Manly. yes.
But I like it. too.
Now. what do you say you answer my
questions before I drag you out of here
by your surprisingly
small wee-wee?
Okay. Okay.
My name is George Parker.
And no. I didn't
kill those two kids.
So. what were you doing there
this morning. George?
The usual. Pulling up surveyor's
stakes. hassling workers.
And then. one of the guys. they found
the dead bodies. We hung around to watch.
What's your beef
with the project?
Same old story.
Eminent domain.
Come again?
Indians getting their land ripped
off for commercial development.
Huh. So. killing the developer's
daughter sounds like pretty good payback.
Maybe. Except the developer isn't the
one that screwed us out of the land.
Huh?
Talk to a dude named
Edwin Talltrees.
He's the guy that
ripped us off.
An Indian?
That's right.
Why would he kill
two kids on his own land?
Because it isn't
his land anymore.
After he screwed us. the dead
girl's father screwed him.
Sounds like a lot of
screwing going on.
Uh-huh.
All right. then. George.
You can zip it up.
Sorry about the
small wee-wee crack.
It's been a bitch of a day.
That is one special guy.
God. I hope he calls.
Apparently. ripping off your
own people has its upside.
I wish I had
people to rip off.
Can I help you?
Hi.
Mary Shannon with the U.S.
Marshals. You Edwin Talltrees?
I am. Come on down.
All right.
Must be a bitch getting
pizza delivered up here.
Hi.
Have a seat.
Thanks.
I suppose you're here about
Sienna Burke and that boy.
Why would you suppose that?
It's no secret Cale Burke and I had a
dispute about that specific piece of land.
You'd be remiss
not to question me.
God knows
I hate being remiss.
So. what can you tell me
about the murders?
I'm curious.
Why is the U.S. Marshals Service
interested in a local murder?
Hey.
Here's an idea.
Since I'm the one
wearing the badge
and you're the
murder suspect.
how about we stick to
me asking the questions?
All right.
Cale Burke and I
attended Stanford together.
I stood up for him
at his wedding.
I was at the hospital
the day Sienna was born.
She and my son. Kyle.
played together every day
until they went off to
different private schools.
I would give anything.
everything to bring her back.
What else?
Where were you last night?
Here. With Kyle.
Watching the Karate
Championships on Pay-Per-View.
We're both students
of tae kwan do.
You get much call for
that in real estate?
Is there anything
else. Marshal?
Is Kyle available?
I'd rather you didn't speak to
Kyle. He's very upset about Sienna.
Would you rather I take
him in for questioning?
Kyle?
Yeah?
Come down here. please.
Just a minute.
Now. please.
Okay.
Yummy.
Kyle.
What is it?
This is Marshal Shannon. She
wants to ask you about Sienna.
Okay.
I understand you
were good friends.
Were.
Since Dad and Uncle Cale
had their disagreement
we weren't allowed to
see each other anymore.
Did you know the
boy she was with?
Uh-uh.
I just heard he
went to her school.
Can you think of anyone who
would want to do this to Sienna?
Everybody loved her.
She was like...
Well. you just couldn't
help it. you know?
Is that enough?
Sure.
Just one more thing.
Where were you last night?
I was here with my dad.
watching the Karate Championship.
That's what I thought.
By the way. who won?
Edgar Sanchez.
I'm really sorry
about your friend.
Yeah. it sucks.
Thanks.
I really wanted to turn around and
pop off one of those Columbo questions.
You know. the innocuous afterthought
that lets the killer know
that I know he did it.
"Excuse me. Do you always wear
white shoes after Labor Day?"
Unfortunately. I had no idea if Talltrees
had anything to do with the murders.
And more importantly.
he wasn't wearing shoes.
As good as I am at sorting
out other people's lives.
you'll just have to take my
word for it. I'm really good.
that talent pales compared to
my genius for keeping my own life
in a constant
state of turmoil.
Please
give me the keys.
I'm not going to ask you again.
So. just please give me my keys!
What are you going to do?
Are you going to hit me?
No. But give
me the keys.
Come on. Hit me.
Enough! Enough!
Just give me my keys.
Enough!
I've got enough going on without
having to deal with this BS!
Mary. thank God you're here. They've
been like this for half an hour.
She stole my car.
You left me sitting in
the middle of the ghetto.
Mary. please. Would you do something before
the neighbors think we're poor white trash?
Oh. Obviously.
not you. Raphael.
God. my head
is just splitting.
She's lucky I don't
call the cops.
Raphael. she was scared.
Go ahead. You know what?
Call the cops.
I'll just tell them about that dime
bag I found in the center console.
No. no. no.
That's not mine.
A dime bag of what? Yeah.
okay. You don't get high?
No! No! Is that what you're telling me?
You don't get high?
No. I don't get high.
Okay. All right. Both
of you. stop it. Stop it!
I don't know whose dope
it is. And I don't care.
I want it out of here. now. I'm
a U.S. Marshal. for Christ's sake.
Ma. go inside and take some
aspirin. Brandi. give him his keys.
You better don't think
that stuff is mine.
What kind of stuff?
You better don't? Oh.
God. It doesn't matter.
No. The hell it doesn't. You're
taking her word over mine?
I'm not taking
anybody's word.
What part of "I don't care whose
it is" is difficult for you?
Is this how you thank me for
taking time out on my day off
to pick up your
psychotic sister?
You were supposed to
drive her to my house.
not intentionally scare
the crap out of her.
I had to stop at
the youth center.
The "scaring the crap out of
her" part was just a bonus.
It was a juvenile prank
that blew up in your face.
Oh. Then. after she steals my car.
you don't even come and pick me up.
I was busy. Why can't anyone get it
through their heads? I have a job.
Oh. that's right. Everybody has got to
make time in their day. but not Mary.
Cry me a river. What did I pull you
away from? An extra set of crunches?
Is that all you think I do?
No. Sometimes. I think
you work on your lats.
Have a happy birthday.
I'm out of here.
See you.
You happy?
What? I already got rid of the
stuff. What's the big drama?
Oh. my God. Brandi! When are
you going to grow up and stop
making life miserable
for everyone around you?
Don't you think
that's a little harsh?
I thought you
had a headache.
I do. And my two girls
fighting isn't helping it any.
You were supposed
to pick me up.
I have a job! Okay? I
made other arrangements.
Oh. come on. You couldn't take
an hour off from serving warrants
or drinking coffee at the courthouse
or whatever the hell it is you do
to pick up your sister?
Okay. Ma.
I know you think Brandi's
your precious baby. She's not.
She's a virus. infecting
everyone around her.
All right. That's enough.
And as long as you keep propping
her up and making excuses.
that's all she's
ever going to be.
God. Would you stop it?
This is your baby sister.
Now she's going to cry and
you're going to tell her
everything's okay. And somehow. this
is all going to wind up my fault.
So. if you don't mind. I'm going to
skip the next part of the program.
I have to get back to
whatever the hell it is I do.
Excuse me.
Just give me
the damn keys.
You want them?
Yeah.
Go get them.
No. Don't touch me!
Get your hands off of me!
Put me down!
You get out
when I get the keys.
Up yours!
Classy.
Raphael? After she
gets your keys.
would you mind picking up
Mary's birthday cake for me?
The Federal Witness
Protection Program
is the most secretive organization
in all of law enforcement.
We do not talk about what we do.
Not to friends. not to family.
Not even to
other U.S. Marshals.
Which is why my mother. my
sister. even my boyfriend.
who by the way isn't
really my boyfriend.
all think I'm a glorified
messenger with a gun.
And why Marshall and I work on
the roof of the Sunshine Building.
while the rest of the
U.S. Marshals reside
in the Pete Domenici
Federal Courthouse.
with their mahogany desks.
crystal chandeliers. and butlers.
And yes. his name is
Marshall and he is a marshal.
Sometimes. that's just
how the universe works.
Marshall.
Hey. How's it coming?
Drips and drabs.
I tracked down the girl's best
friend. She's at work at Elsa Ross.
So. she doesn't know?
Either that. or she's
got a great work ethic.
All right. I'm on my way.
Tread lightly.
Hey. Give me
a little credit.
Oh. God.
I can't believe
she's dead.
I'm so sorry.
And I can't believe you tried
on clothes before telling me.
Yeah. Again.
I'm really sorry.
I thought it would
help ease into it.
I can see now
that was a mistake.
Who did this?
I don't know.
I was hoping maybe you could
help me figure that out.
I don't know anyone
who would do anything like this.
All my friends
are really nice.
Okay. Okay.
You think about it.
I mean. what about Frankie?
Did he have any enemies?
I don't know.
He was new.
He... He seemed really sweet.
kind of sad. Like. lost.
How long had he and Sienna
been going out?
They weren't going out. Sienna
was just being nice to him.
He was a virgin.
so. she was going to...
You know...
That is nice.
Sienna was like that.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
I know this is hard.
But please...
Please.
Try to think. Nicole.
Is there anyone
we should talk to?
Anyone you'd want to talk to
if you were me?
She had a boyfriend.
I'd want to talk to him.
Okay. Good.
What was his name?
I don't know. He was this big
secret. And I mean really big.
She wouldn't even tell me what he
looked like. And she told me everything.
Did she tell you anything
about him? Anything at all?
Mmm-mmm. Just that he made her
get this stupid tattoo
and she totally
didn't want to.
You mean the one
on her chest?
Yeah. Over her heart.
It was supposed to be some
symbol of their everlasting love.
So. how come she was with
Frankie? I mean. if she had this
secret boyfriend and all?
Because they broke up.
like. a month ago.
Did I forget to
mention that?
Yeah. You kind of did.
I'm sorry.
It's okay. It's okay.
I'm sorry. I'm...
Okay. So. trying on the clothes
before I told Nicole about Sienna
probably wasn't the best
way to handle things.
What can I say?
Sometimes. we get it wrong.
Before you hear it
from somebody else.
I smacked an Indian's
johnson with a bar of soap today.
Just thought
you should know.
Haven't we done enough
to those people?
I'm not
proud of myself.
You come up
with anything?
Not really. Oh. except that
two days ago.
a three-second call
came into Santoro's house
from a cell registered
to Richie Mastro.
Run that by me again?
You heard me.
Richie Mastro.
son of Dominick Mastro.
Don of Dons. head of the five
families called my Frankie?
Yes. Fredo.
You sure?
You know. it hurts
when you doubt me.
All right. let's go.
Now. where?
Frankie Nuts has got
some explaining to do.
Do I get to play bad cop?
Like you could.
Oh. damn.
What's the matter?
Hi. Tasha. It's me. Mary.
Is your cable on yet?
Good.
No. we can only pay
for the basic package.
HBO and Showtime
are extra.
Listen. about your groceries.
something's come up.
So. what's the book
on young Richie?
Well. for starters. you'd have to
say he's of questionable character.
Tossed out of Choate.
was he?
NYPD has him under investigation
for a handful of murders.
Mob stuff.
Nope. Women.
All went missing from a
Manhattan club called Cosmos.
An establishment Richie
was known to frequent.
And of particular interest.
a former girlfriend
got a restraining order
against him.
after he broke
four of her ribs.
Then. guess what.
Two days later. she turns up.
Hacked to bits.
No.
Afraid so.
Apparently. our boy's got
girl issues. and likes knives.
So. he does Junior. then has
his jollies with the girl?
Could be.
And somehow.
he got Frankie's number.
So it would seem.
Son of a bitch.
A week before he
testifies against Dominick.
I'll bet you anything Frankie
was trying to broker a deal.
You know what I think?
What?
I think Frankie might have
been trying to broker a deal.
You're an idiot.
Where are the people
who are staying here?
Damn it. what language do you speak?
Oh. perfect. She's deaf.
You have a pen?
They're gone.
She doesn't know where.
What?
Come on.
You calling in
a phone trace?
That will take hours.
Get a warrant. blah. blah. blah.
I need to find Mastro before
he finds Frankie or vice versa.
And since when do you
know sign language?
Apparently. I don't.
Hello.
Hello?
Is this Richie?
You've got
to be kidding.
Yeah. who's this?
This is Nomi.
I don't know if you remember
me and my girlfriend. Pia.
met you at Cosmos
a few weeks ago.
Maybe. I meet a lot
of chicks. What's up?
Well. Pia and I were just
talking about how much fun it was
to hang out with you and how much we
wanted to party with you that night.
And Pia said we should just call
you and see what you was doing.
No way in hell
this works.
Yeah.
Maybe some other time.
Pia. what are you doing?
Please don't talk dirty.
Oh. Richie.
I wish you could see this.
Me. too.
What exactly is
Pia doing to you?
Well...
First of all.
I'm lying on my tummy
and I'm wearing this
real short skirt.
And Pia's
taking her tongue
and running it
all the way up my...
Oh!
Sweet mother!
She's talking
to her mother.
Ooh!
Oh. Richie. I want to do
you like Pia just did me.
Tell me where you are
and we'll come over in a cab.
That is. if you think
you can handle both of us.
Listen. Uh. Romy...
Nomi.
Okay. Listen. Nomi.
Much as I'd love to
party with you and Pia.
and trust me. I got more
than enough for both of you.
that's going to be an
awfully pricey cab ride.
Why's that?
Because I'm in
Albuquerque. cupcake.
Albuquerque?
Unbelievable.
How funny. Some guy just
invited me out there
for some balloon festival.
whatever the hell that is.
No kidding.
Yeah.
Some coincidence. right?
Hey. Are there any decent
places to stay out there?
Yeah. they got one really
nice resort just out of town.
Golf. spa. the whole deal.
That sounds... Uh-oh.
I think my husband
just got home.
Honey. I'm home.
Mother Mary and Joseph.
What's going on here?
Where are your panties?
You bad. bad girl.
I've got to go.
I'll call you back.
That's just...
Nomi?
From Showgirls.
Sweet.
I'll take that
for you. ma'am.
Keep it close.
Is this guy
staying here?
We don't give out
information about our guests.
Okay. So. you won't mind if my
friend and I start banging on doors.
telling your guests there's
a serial killer staying here.
Come on. Marshall.
Excuse me.
That's Mr. Martell
in suite 1014.
And he tips very well.
Thank you.
Who is it?
Room service.
Mr. Martell.
I have a fruit basket.
compliments of the hotel.
Leave it by the door.
And a bottle of
Dom Perignon.
I'm not allowed to
leave it outside.
All right. hold on.
Pain in the ass.
Freeze!
Don't even fart.
My wallet's on the bar.
Take whatever you want.
We're not here to rob you. you
stupid hump. We're U.S. Marshals.
I didn't do nothing.
Oh. yeah?
Isn't that cute?
That ain't mine.
Where's Frankie?
Frankie who?
Santoro.
Where is he?
Frankie Nuts?
How the hell should I know?
What are you. a nun?
Quit screwing with me.
I know your father
sent you to kill him.
Now. tell me where he is or so help me.
I will feed this ear
to my mother's poodles.
I thought
they were Shih Tzus.
Focus. Marshall.
Where the hell are you?
I thought I told you
to stay put.
No. it isn't all right.
Stay there. I'm coming over.
Something's come up.
Be a dear and take him in.
Yes. honey. Shall I pick up your
dry cleaning while I'm at it?
Take me in? What for?
For ending an interrogatory
with a preposition.
Hey. that's
a six-dollar candy bar.
Put these on and shut up.
Easy.
Idiots. Can't even stick
where I tell them.
They're like children.
Children with ADD.
Damn it.
Tasha's groceries.
Hey.
Let me explain
something to you.
When I tell you to stay
someplace. you stay there.
You can't just change
locations without telling me.
I don't have time to
go chasing
all over hell and high
water looking for you.
This goes for you. too.
Felicia.
I needed to
light a candle.
Listen. I know you two
are hurting. But this...
This is not how
the program works.
We checked into
the Marriott.
The other place was
too depressing.
The bedspread had stains.
How does Richie Mastro
have your phone number?
What?
You heard me. He called your
house two days ago and hung up.
Like he was
checking the number.
I know I didn't give
it to him. So. who did?
It wasn't me. I haven't
contacted anybody.
Oh. God.
What?
Did I get Frankie killed?
What? Tell us what you
did. Felicia. You stupid...
What happened? Have you
been talking to someone?
No. No. No. I swear.
Not on the phone.
On the Internet.
Me and Cathy. we've been e
- mailing each other.
But I never told her
where we were
and I didn't give her our
number. I swear on my life.
Who's Cathy?
It's Mastro's wife.
They been friends
since grade school.
What did I do?
He probably found out
and he tapped our ISP.
Felicia. listen to me. We don't know
that Mastro had anything to do with this.
Where is he?
Hey. Don't do this
to yourself.
Until we know for sure
what happened.
you can't assume this has
any connection to you.
Look.
You tell me where that son of
a bitch. Mastro. is right now.
Do we have anything
to hold him on?
Tampering with a witness.
Maybe hampering
a prosecution.
What about the murder?
Unless something turns up.
he walks in 48 hours.
Yeah. yeah.
That's what I figured.
So. I returned the perfume.
Smart move.
And...
I got her these.
Wow.
Yeah.
I bet these
set you back.
Oh. sure.
Pretty.
Yeah.
Very pretty.
So. you think
she'll like them?
Have you ever met Mary?
What? What?
They're shoes.
All women love shoes.
Mary's a woman.
Ipso facto.
Mary loves shoes.
So sad.
No. no. no. Okay.
This time. you're wrong. Mary...
Mary's going to love these.
Hey. Oh. my God.
Oh. God.
That's just evidence. Evidence
from a case. Another case.
Can you believe women
actually wear these?
"Oh. my God.
Look at me.
"I'm a cosmo-drinking.
Manhattan whore. "
Imagine that.
Not a word.
Anyone talk to him yet?
Yeah. The FBI's sending somebody down.
I need to
talk to him first.
Just hang on a second. Mary. All right?
Your witness is safe.
You did your job.
How about we just
let the FBI do theirs?
How about we screw the FBI. I need to
know if Mastro killed Frankie Junior.
And you know as soon as the Feds
get here. we're out of the loop.
Am I right. Stan?
All right. all right.
Do what you've got to do.
If the Feds show up.
I'll deal with them.
All right. then.
What are you going to do?
Beat them off with
your strappy little pumps?
Wake up. douche bag.
Wish I had a nickel for
every time I heard that.
Why are you
in Albuquerque?
busting my balls?
Because I can.
Now. answer my question.
I bet you're
a tight little ride.
Ooh. That was a mistake.
You little bitch.
Did you kill
Frankie Junior?
I assume that's
a rhetorical question.
Rhetorical. That's a
pretty big word for a moron.
Interesting
interrogation technique.
Does the name-calling thing
usually get guys to confess?
Because frankly. I find
it a little off-putting.
Come on. Just tell me.
No one else has to know.
Are those real?
Go ahead.
Take a good long look.
Because it's the last pair
you're ever going to see.
And why is that. pussy cat?
Because Richie. baby.
me and my friend. Pia.
would double-team Dick Cheney if
that's what it takes to put you away.
Did he do it?
Don't know.
So. who's Pia?
And what does Dick Cheney
have to do with this?
And why is it I never
know what's going on?
You're a big
picture guy. Stan.
So. this is where
the real police work. huh?
Hey. Marshal.
And may I add.
happy birthday.
Yeah. So far.
it's been a real pisser.
So. you come up with
anything interesting?
Oh. it's all interesting.
Maybe not helpful.
but interesting.
I spoke with the
girl's parents. friends.
checked the
cell phone records.
According to
Sienna's best friend.
she had a secret boyfriend.
But nobody's
ever seen him
and he doesn't even
get a mention in her diary.
So. if there was a boyfriend.
the guy's a ghost.
Maybe it was someone older.
that needed protection.
Like a teacher or maybe an
ex-business associate of her father?
Hey. you think
just like a cop.
Go figure.
What about forensics?
Anything come in yet?
No. We won't see anything
until tomorrow.
I was just about to
pack it in for the day.
That's probably
a good idea.
Did you check out Talltrees
and his son?
Oh. yeah. The guy's
a real piece of work.
Unfortunately. there's nothing to
connect him or his son to any of this.
That's kind of
what I got. too.
So. how about you?
What can you tell me
about the boy with two names?
I was supposed to
interview his parents.
but guess what. they're
suddenly nowhere to be found.
Huh. Maybe they're
on vacation.
Look. Marshal. I get it.
You operate under
the cloak of darkness.
Only the Boy Wonder knows your
true identity. But guess what.
I take this murder-solving
business pretty seriously.
So. either share what you've
got or quit wasting my time.
Oh. and by the way.
it took me all of two minutes
to get on the phone
with the NYPD Captain.
and get the whole
411 on Frankie Nuts.
So. what's it going to be?
Sorry.
I've got nothing.
That's what I figured.
It's Mary's world. The rest of
us are just here for housekeeping.
Hey. You don't know me.
Really? Let's see.
Typical relationship
has a shelf life of.
oh. I'd say about a month.
tops. No real friends.
Can't quite figure out why you're
always on the outside looking in.
No one "gets" you. But.
hey. that's their problem.
How am I doing?
That's real mature.
And she stole my damn pen.
Okay. it's been said I don't
always play well with others.
And maybe even. at times.
I project a prickly exterior.
But. in response to that.
and in my defense...
I have something to say.
Come in.
No. I still have work to do.
And we both know
what will happen if I come in.
All right. But it's like
112 out there.
This will just
take a minute.
Earlier. at my house.
I may have given
the impression that
I didn't believe you.
or that I wasn't appreciative
of you picking up Brandi.
Is this an apology?
Please don't put words in my
mouth. I just want to clarify.
That is...
Explain... My God.
it's hot out here.
Would you please
come inside?
You're letting
all the cool air out.
Okay. but just so
I can explain.
Yeah.
Your explanations have a...
Have a certain
"je ne sais quoi. "
Is that what I just did?
Yeah. I mean. I knew it was French.
I just didn't know
they had a name for it.
Oh. they have a name
for everything.
Oh. man.
I'm sorry about before.
I know.
Happy birthday.
Hey. Would you be upset if
I skip your surprise party?
I don't know.
I guess not. Why?
Well. truth. I kind of had my
fill of your family for one day.
And besides.
you and me kind of
already did our thing.
You know?
Okay.
Do you want me to come?
No. I don't. You
should do what you want.
You don't care. huh?
No. I don't. Like you said.
we already did our thing.
When it comes
right down to it.
I don't have
a reasonable right to care.
Well. you're going to
have to explain that one.
This is what we do. Raphael.
This is our thing.
We have sex. then we say
good-bye. Which is fine.
We're both smart enough
to know we're never...
I don't have a reasonable right
to care what you do beyond this
because this is as far
as we go.
How can someone that
burns so hot be so cold?
I don't know.
That's a great question.
Give me a call
if you figure it out.
You got the cool water
When the fever runs high
We all live in hiding.
In one way or another.
each of us conceals
pieces of ourselves
from the rest of the world.
Some people hide because
their lives depend on it.
others because
they don't like being seen.
And then. there are
those special cases.
The ones who hide
because... Because...
Because they just want someone
to care enough to look for them.
When something goes right
Oh. it's likely to lose me
It's out to confuse me
It's such an unusual sight
Oh. I can't...
We send these offerings
to you. Grandfather.
for these young spirits who
are entering your spirit world.
Use these quilts
to keep them warm.
These plates of food
to nourish them.
This sacred water
to quench their thirst.
These spirits have
suffered great harm
and need
your healing powers.
We give thanks to you.
Grandfather.
for listening to our prayer.
Ajo.
Did you tell that homicide
detective today's my birthday?
What homicide? Who?
Forget it.
Why aren't you
at my party?
I could ask the same
of you. But I won't.
Maybe I should talk
to Mastro again.
I don't know.
You think the FBI will let
me take another crack at him?
If I can't ID the killer. I need to
at least start eliminating suspects.
You're going to have a tough
time eliminating Mastro.
What does that mean?
Twenty minutes
after you left.
the FBI showed up with DNA
on his dead girlfriend.
Well. that's something.
At least he's off the street.
Yeah. Not so much.
And I'm sure you'll
appreciate the irony here.
He agreed to flip on his
family and they cut him a deal.
He's in the program.
Please tell me this is
one of your unfunny jokes.
That's not the worst of it.
What?
A half hour ago.
Mastro walked out
the back door of the Fed's
safe house. He's in the wind.
Oh. crap.
I told Frankie they could
spend one last night at home.
Frankie? Open up.
It's me. Mary.
I'll be right there.
What are you doing?
Hey. Open up.
We need to talk.
Well. does it
have to be now?
Felicia's not
exactly decent.
Is everything
all right in there?
Yeah. We're just getting
ready to go to bed.
I thought I heard voices.
Me and Felicia was talking.
We actually do that sometimes.
Now. please. If you
don't mind. we. uh...
You sure everything's okay?
Goodnight. Marshal.
That was weird.
It seems like he'd want
to know why we're here.
Yes. it do.
What are you doing?
Calling Mastro.
Frankie!
I forgot to
tell you something.
Okay.
What?
Is this what
you were expecting?
Because I. for one.
am flabbergasted.
Okay.
Felicia. what are you doing?
What's going on.
Felicia?
Richie found out
I was e-mailing Cathy.
and he came here to kill
us all. But I shot him.
Okay.
I can see that. And why are
you pointing the gun at Frankie?
Because this bastard
ruined my whole life.
And now. I'm going to
shoot him. too!
Okay. Okay. Well...
You could do that. But let's...
Let's just think this through.
If you kill Frankie. I'm
going to have to kill you.
I don't want to.
but I will.
Is that what you want?
I don't care.
I have nothing to
live for anymore.
Sure you do.
I know. I know things seem
pretty bleak right now.
Okay. look.
Here's the thing.
Men lie. They cheat.
They start wars.
They're slobs
unless they're gay
and there's precious few
of them walking the planet
worth putting on lipstick for.
let alone throwing your life away.
Which is what
you'll be doing
if you shoot your festering
crap-bag of a husband.
Is that really necessary?
Shut up
or I'll shoot you.
I can't live
with him anymore.
Then. don't.
You don't have to. okay.
Felicia. as hard as
it is to imagine.
you have days
ahead of you
where you will smile and laugh
and look forward to things.
Maybe even
fall in love again.
If you don't
throw it all away.
I promise.
Oh. God.
Cathy's going to be
really pissed at me.
I'll catch up
with you later.
So. what's going to
happen to her?
Well. since she shot Mastro
in self-defense.
she'll probably get
a new identity
and be moved someplace
you can't find her.
He said he killed
little Frankie.
Do you believe him?
He's a lying scumbag.
There's no way.
You know.
it's a hell of a thing.
losing your wife and your
son all in the same day.
Do you ever think about
all the people. the families
had days like this
because of you?
The clock's still ticking.
Either you get me a name
by this time tomorrow...
Actually. Frankie.
name or no name.
this time tomorrow.
you're on your way
to a new city
and out of my hair.
I'm sorry for your loss.
but screw you and your clock.
I just want to wash the stench
of this day off and go to bed.
I know. But there are about 60 people
in there. hiding behind furniture.
just waiting for you
to open the door
so they can jump up
and yell. "Surprise. "
Yuck.
Come on. It's your birthday.
This isn't about you.
Now. get ready to
act surprised.
All right. all right.
That's my girl.
This is a surprise.
Huh.
Well. come on.
I'll buy you a drink.
Okay. But I'm
not putting out.
I have no idea
who these people are.
Ed. Jeannie.
Surprise!
She's my beautiful
birthday girl.
Okay.
Oh. happy birthday.
sweet pea.
Thanks. Ma.
Oh. you're welcome...
Okay.
How did you
keep this a secret?
You knew that I knew.
I knew that you knew.
Well. at least
that was a surprise.
I knew it would be.
Here. Mary. It's a
little... Little something.
Oh. Stan.
I know. Go ahead.
Open it. Open it.
Okay.
It's...
A fifty.
You gave her money?
You like it?
It... It's just what I
always wanted. Thank you.
See?
Thank you.
Yeah?
Is... Is Raph here?
No. I'm sorry.
It's okay.
I told him not to.
What about Brandi?
She thinks you don't
want her at your party.
I see.
You're going to keep looking
at me with those sad eyes
until I go talk
to her. aren't you?
I know you mean well.
But you're not
a very good mother.
You're right next to her.
I get it.
I can't believe
you gave her cash.
Huh? I know.
Good party. huh?
Hey. Squish.
What's going on?
Nothing.
You okay?
Yeah.
No.
Listen.
Can you do
something for me?
What?
It's just... I've... I've spent
my whole day watching people cry.
Making people cry.
Wanting to cry.
Anyway...
I know it would make me
feel a whole lot better
if for my birthday maybe you
could just hold off on crying.
Just until tomorrow.
Could you do that for me?
Yeah.
Okay. Come here.
It's okay.
Come on. Come on.
Whatever it is.
we'll make it better.
I'm so sorry I make
your life so miserable.
Oh. God. Listen to me. Listen to me.
You don't make
my life miserable. Okay?
I just...
I get frustrated sometimes.
You know.
I want you to be happy.
And I want you to stop doing
stuff that hurts yourself.
That makes you miserable.
That's all.
Come on.
Okay.
Stop. Stop.
Come on.
There's my pretty
baby sister.
I got you something
for your birthday.
Really?
Yeah.
You didn't have to.
I know. I know.
I just wanted to.
Wow.
It's an Indian talisman.
Or totem.
Maybe. I don't...
I forget which. but...
I got it from this Indian stand
after I took off with Chico's car.
Raphael.
Right.
It's from
the Los Lobos Tribe.
Sweetie.
Los Lobos is a band.
A band of Indians?
No. Just a band.
Oh. Well. anyway.
it means.
"May you always sleep
under the tall trees. "
So. that's nice. right?
That's really nice.
So. you like it?
I like it.
I like it a lot.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Listen. I have to
go do something.
But when I come back
I want to talk. Okay?
Okay.
Come on.
We've got work to do.
Oh. Can't it wait
until tomorrow?
Move your ass. Marshall.
What?
What's that about?
I don't know.
They don't tell me anything.
Huh? They don't tell me anything.
But you're the boss.
They have to tell you.
I know.
I mean. you should know.
Let's set it up
right here.
Let's go. Paul. Joe. with me.
Okay. Here's how I think
we should proceed.
Open up. Talltrees!
I think I'll just stand
here with my thumb up my ass
while you start shouting
like a crazy person.
After a while.
it becomes charming.
What is all this?
What happened?
Did Sienna get tired of
sleeping under the tall trees?
You think I was having
an affair with Sienna?
Not only is that disgusting.
It's slander.
And you had better be very
careful with your accusations.
Excuse me.
Do you mind?
Go ahead.
Edwin Talltrees.
I have a warrant to search this
property for any and all evidence
relating to the murder of Francis
Amato Junior and Sienna Burke.
Please step outside.
Wait.
What?
Look.
At what? Oh.
Stop right there.
Don't come any closer
or I swear I'll...
What?
Kick the stool out?
Please. Let me.
Hey. what are
you doing?
So. after spending almost
their entire lives together.
Sienna Burke
broke up with Kyle
because she couldn't tell her
friends she was with an Indian.
She broke his heart.
so he cut out hers.
That almost seems fair.
Thanks for the call.
It's your case.
The U.S. Marshals have
a long history
of cooperating with
local law enforcement.
Uh-huh.
After all I've done
to get us off the reservation.
to give my son the same
opportunities as the whites.
they still treat him
like a redskin.
But he won't be
tried like one.
Whatever.
I've got white man's money.
A white man's lawyer.
And I promise you. my son won't
spend a day in prison.
Hey. Chuckles.
Your son's a monster. He gutted
Sienna Burke while she was still alive
and he needs to be
put down.
But guess what. He's not the
only monster on the block.
Not by a long shot.
And prison or no prison.
tomorrow morning. the very worst
of those monsters is coming for him.
So. good luck with
your white man's defense.
Let me know how
that works out for you.
Oh.
And you might want to think about
adding a little security for yourself.
Hey. hey. hey.
Is she seeing anyone?
Oh. crud.
Hi. You're awake.
Duh.
I didn't want to
miss my groceries.
Sorry. I got hung up.
Is this what you mean
when you say.
"I be back
a little later"?
I wish to know.
For future.
No. I'm usually very prompt.
I... Something happened.
More dead people?
No.
Well. yes. but...
Tasha. I meant what I said.
As long as you follow
the rules of the program.
you're as safe as anyone
living in this city.
Anyway...
It's late.
And here's your groceries.
You bring me porno.
To help you pick out
your new breasts.
See? All different
shapes and sizes.
My name is Mary.
Today's my birthday.
And if I ever run into the
son of a bitch that promised me
a life of excitement and unlimited
opportunity as a U.S. Marshal.
I'll shoot off
both his kneecaps.